PW-4394: Update README according to new template (#536)
Adyen/adyen-java-api-library: README.md

* [POS Terminal Management API](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/postfmapi/v1/overview): Endpoints for managing your point-of-sale payment terminals: **v1** 
* [Data Protection API](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/data-protection-api#): Endpoints to process Subject Erasure Requests as mandated in General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): **v1** 
* [Stored Value API](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods/gift-cards/stored-value-api): Endpoints to manage gift cards and other stored-value cards: **v46** 

For more information, refer to our [documentation](https://docs.adyen.com/) or the [API Explorer](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/).

## Prerequisites
 
* [Adyen test account](https://docs.adyen.com/get-started-with-adyen)
* [API key](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/api-credentials#generate-api-key). For testing, your API credential needs to have the [API PCI Payments role](https://docs.adyen.com/development-resources/api-credentials#roles).
* Java 8 or higher

## Installation

> You can use Maven and add this dependency to your project's POM:

Reviewer: If there is something following you can use `:` otherwise only `.` or I am missing something :)

Proxy proxy = new Proxy(Proxy.Type.HTTP, new InetSocketAddress("PROXY_HOST", PROXY_PORT));
httpURLConnectionClientWithProxy.setProxy(proxy);

client.setHttpClient(httpURLConnectionClientWithProxy);
~~~~

### Example integrations
 
For a closer look at how our Java library works, you can clone one of our example integrations:
* [Java Spark example integration](https://github.com/adyen-examples/adyen-java-spark-online-payments).
* [Java Spring Boot example integration](https://github.com/adyen-examples/adyen-java-spring-online-payments).
* [Kotlin Spring Boot example integration](https://github.com/adyen-examples/adyen-kotlin-spring-online-payments).

These include commented code, highlighting key features and concepts, and examples of API calls that can be made using the library.

## Contributing
 
 
We encourage you to contribute to this repository, so everyone can benefit from new features, bug fixes, and any other improvements.
 
 
Have a look at our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-java-api-library/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) to find out how to raise a pull request.
 
 
## Support

> If you have a feature request, or spotted a bug or a technical problem, [create an issue here](https://github.com/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FAdyen%2Fadyen-web%2Fissues%2Fnew%2Fchoose).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a feature request, or spotted a bug or a technical problem, [create an issue here](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-java-api-library/issues/new/choose).
```

 
For other questions, [contact our Support Team](https://www.adyen.help/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360000705420).
 
 
## Licence

> This repository is available under the [MIT license](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-php-api-library/blob/master/LICENSE).

Reviewer: The link should point to java instead to php
